
3.	JonSavPhotography Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.jonsavphotography.com (the “Site”).

1.	Privacy Policy Statement:
At JonSavPhotography, accessible from www.jonsavphotgraphy.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by JonSavPhotography and how we use it.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in JonSavPhotography. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.
2.	Consent:
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
3.	Applicable Law
Privacy ACT 2020
Fair Trading Act
Treaty of Waitangi
Common Law
4.	Collection of Information 
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
    - “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org
    - “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
    - “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including:
-	Name
-	 billing address
-	shipping address
-	payment information 
-	email address or/& phone number.  
We refer to this information as “Order Information.” Providing some information is optional. If you choose not to enter Name, address, one form of contact, we will not be able to provide our services, products. 
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
5.	Payment Methods 
Accepted payment methods are:
-	Bank Deposit 
-	Cash
-	Paypal 
No data is collected or retained for payment purposes.
6.	Purpose of Collection of Personal Information:
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  
Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
-	Communicate with you.
-	Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud.
-	When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).

7.	Limits on Disclosure of Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. 
For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.  
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
8.	Behavioural Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.

You can opt out of targeted advertising by: Ticking box with Don’t want to receive newsletters.
 Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.

DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.

9.	Access to Personal Information & Correction of personal Information.
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you.
You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
 You also You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. 
have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.

10.	Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 16.

11.	Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
12.	Applicable Law
Privacy ACT 2020

CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at jonsavphotography@gmail.com or using the contact form provided on the website.

  
